The President:
Hi, everybody.
I'm here on the factory floor
of a business in Hatfield,
Pennsylvania, where folks are
working around the clock making
toys to keep up with
the Christmas rush.
And I came here because,
back in Washington,
the clock is ticking on some
important decisions that will
have a real impact
on our businesses --
and on families like yours.
The most pressing decision
has to do with your taxes.
See, at the end of the year,
middle-class tax cuts are set
to expire.
And there are two
things that can happen.
First, if Congress does nothing,
every family will see their
income taxes automatically go up
at the beginning of next year.
A typical middle class family of
four will see their income taxes
rise by $2,200.
We can't let that happen.
Our families can't afford it,
and neither can our economy.
The second option is better.
Right now, Congress can pass
a law that would prevent a tax
hike on the first $250,000
of everybody's income.
Everybody.
That means that 98% of Americans
and 97% of small businesses
wouldn't see their income
taxes go up at all.
And even the wealthiest
Americans would get a tax cut on
the first $250,000
of their incomes.
Congress can do that right now.
They can give families like
yours a sense of security going
into the New Year.
They can give companies like
this one some certainty about
what to expect down the road.
And with the issue behind us,
we'll have more time to work out
a plan to bring down our
deficits in a balanced way --
including by asking the
wealthiest Americans to pay a
little more, so we can still
invest in the things that make
our nation strong, like
education and research.
So let's begin by doing
what we all agree on.
Both parties say we should
keep middle-class taxes low.
The Senate has already passed a
bill to keep income taxes from
going up on
middle-class families.
Democrats in the House are
ready to do the same thing.
And if we can just get a few
House Republicans on board,
I'll sign this bill as soon
as Congress sends it my way.
But it's unacceptable for some
Republicans in Congress to hold
middle class tax cuts hostage
simply because they refuse to
let tax rates go up on
the wealthiest Americans.
And if you agree with me, then
I could sure use your help.
Let your congressman know
what $2,000 means to you.
Give them a call.
Write them an email.
Or tweet them using
the hashtag "My2K."
That's My2K.
You and your family have a
lot riding on the outcome of
this debate.
We all do.
And as citizens, we all have a
say in the country we want to
build -- not just on
election day, but every day.
So make your voice heard.
I promise, it
makes a difference.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.